where i grew up
it's another world from this one my
father was stuck in time a little bit
what was he like he was religious
just differently like superstitious
something all done around these parts
we're going up for my daddy's funeral
they don't get many visitors up in those
houses
[Music]
where am i you wasn't in the plane
accident
what about my family
[Music]
baby you wanna only one sound
i need an ambulance ain't no hospital
within 50 miles of here
where you thank you is new york city
this it stands for you
whatever happens to it happens
to you i'm gonna fix you i'm gonna fix
you
[Applause]
[Music]
lord
all right now tell us what you see
[Applause]
you may live in the city too but you
finish
[Music]
uh they got my family
controlling everyone in town
hey
[Music]
this is for your good
you